I choir brings in the forecourt down to
cut her down the lane iverson reverse
layin Suppan in great start for Colorado
State founded cutter and iverson
eikmeier feet left of the lane here's
Greg Smith go into work on dejean-jones
to his right step through banker up it
in or nothing Colorado staying with an
early lead tonight makes a three here
comes Iverson with the screen
pick-and-roll I've written down the lane
he slams it home
now Greg Smith top the key step back to
is up and then Greg Smith as a mid-range
games outstanding eikmeier high on the
left side feeds of the post here's
Iverson working against Bennett spins
baseline floater up and end with a lucky
guy quite at the free-throw line looking
at maneuver nowhere to go out to you
scribes left baseline don't sit home how
about that welcome John octi is the key
I choir off the bounce right in the lane
all the way to paint blaze it up for to
Las Vegas grams will inbound it got into
Iverson dumps it home how about a steak
get a great set q 8 on the shot block
green pull of three you bet
or the ncaa's eikmeier pull up to the
other way switch West Side choir that
was a bucket Colorado State had to have
I came to the fore court' eikmeier faked
the three find a cutter down the lane
horn on lays it up for two teams to play
gotta Iverson the paint lift fake hoes
over the shot missed it short dip back
up it in
for the lion iverson hands off to
eikmeier fade away to left corner in and
out rebound Iverson put back up
vows and Colorado State boy they'd love
a bucket here to open up the second half
horn up reverse layup got it up nested
putback dunk Iverson and hard knocks
that down i vs eikmeier pull up to right
elbow is good so Wes eikmeier Roxton
fair 10 pull up three absolutely Daniel
Bejarano hit two monster three is on
Wednesday Iverson left down the lane
floater up off the glass it's good for 2
47 46 for their big man get a hand off
the green Dorian tries Bayside trying to
throw phone her up at school it's very
apparent that Dorian green isn't
anywhere close to one hundred percent
Greg Smith drives he got in the light
his phone is up it is big bucket by Greg
Smith cocked his head of the key he's
gonna fire a three 1 on the shot clock
he banked it in where's Buckley the
second half for Bennett he has 15
quickly the way horn no reverse layup is
go hi fing is way down the lane they go
to Iverson here trying to get a tie
tomorrow left wing open three fires and
hits
Wes eikmeier his first three of the
evening with 1.2 ago 75-65 you and
obi-wan found this and that will do it
final score tonight here at the Thomas
and Mack Center Colorado State drops one
on the road hey lose at you and OB